# This Weeks Accomplishments: June 20th, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Start lorem ipsum generator. :hammer:

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Write two blog posts from the two events I spoke at.
- [x] Read a couple more chapters in one of my books.

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Added new images to Mark's site. :raised_hands:
- [x] Got helped from TJ with getting ngWTF to display properly. :metal:
- [x] Started working out a budget.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Find something I can work on for the Hood.ie project.
- [ ] Start my lorem ipsum generator.

## Next Week's Goal: Brainstorm lorem ipsum generator :black_nib:

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Send Una a nice email (una.kravets@gmail.com)
- [ ] Brainstorm my lorem ipsum generator.
- [ ] Work on the contact form for Mark's website.
- [ ] Nail down my budget for July.

### Week in Review
I am kind of excited because I found out I have an interview with a company next Tuesday and I had a phone interview with another company on Thursday. It went really well and I should expect to be hearing back from them this coming week. I am still waiting on my clothes from Sullen to arrive as well as my luggage from eBags. I will be leaving for Denver in a week and a half and am super stoked about that. I am going to meet up with my buddy Scott Tolinski who runs the YouTube channel, LevelUp Tutorials to do a behind the scenes of how he makes videos with the hardware and software he uses. I also got a tattoo on Friday. Seven hours of work, start to finish. Totally worth it 👍🏻.
