# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 16th, 2016

## This Week's Goal: Be awesome :tada:

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Call doctors.
- [x] E-mail volunteers for GAAD.
- [x] Call Dylan!
- [x] Create repo for ngWhatTheF*ck!
- [x] Start and finish code exercise for SoFi.
- [x] Create DetroitJS logo.
- [x] Start slides for DetroitJS meetup.


### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Volunteered at Self.Conf for the weekend.
- [x] Co-hosted Global Accessibility Awareness Day.
- [x] Purchased a one way ticket from Denver to Detroit in July.
- [x] Created myself as an npm user.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Write blog post on GAAD.
- [ ] Write blog post on Self.Conf.
- [ ] Learn about Web sockets.
- [ ] Write blog post on my 3-5 favorite Atom packages.
- [ ] Call student loan place.
- [ ] Send Una a nice email (una.kravets@gmail.com)

## Next Week's Goal: Write two blog posts :black_nib:

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Learn about Web sockets.
- [ ] Finish slides for DetroitJS.
- [ ] Write a blog post about performance.
- [ ] Send Una a nice email (una.kravets@gmail.com)
- [ ] Work on ngWhatTheF*ck.

### Week in Review
This week was pretty crazy busy. I worked Monday - Wednesday, than Thursday was Global Accessibility Awareness Day in Detroit. We had a pretty good turn out and some of the guys from Deque came out to volunteer with screen readers. I ended up leaving the event and headed over to Motor City Casino to help Amber stuff attendee bags for Self.Conf. I woke up the next day and headed back downtown to set up the reg booth and waited for attendees to come in. Saturday I was off and enjoyed a lot of talks and walked a way with a lot of swag. During the talks I worked on ngWhatTheF*ck. It is almost done and I can't wait to launch it.
